Update 1.18	Out 00/00/2020

New Content
 1. Added 4 new factions to play on CoD maps, like highrise and terminal (includes 4 of the 6 factions I had playermodels for)
    - This includes new player callouts, new music, game announcer voice lines, and player models
 2. 2 new maps, sh_matlane (thanks to KEKSQUAD), and gm_desert_factory (thanks to Lucid)
 3. 5 new equipment items
    - Flak Jacket (reduces explosive damage)
    - Hyperweave vest (reduces explosive damage and high-damage-weaponry damage)
    - Adrenaline shot (regain small amount of missing health and get a speed boost for 30 seconds)
    - 2x Impulse grenades (launches yourself and enemies into the air for goofy funtime and also fall damage death)
    - Hexshield grenade (creates a special barrier around the grenade when it lands that protects against projectiles and bullets)
 4. VIP members get 5 new VIP-only weapons
    - The Box (from MGS - DOES NOT FULLY CLOAK THE PLAYER, but does render them almost-invisible)
    - LR300 assault rifle (mirrors the balancing of the AK-74)
    - PP-19 Bizon smg (mirrors the balancing of the P90)
    - G2 Contender sniper rifle (it's a SECONDARY, mirrors the balancing of the L96)
    - The Silverballer pistol (mirrors the balancing of the M1911)

Bugfixes
 1. "Last Second Save" kill event should now play correctly
 2. Playermodel selecting and skin selection should now work 100% in the loadout menu
 3. Players using Vampir can no longer heal off shooting friendlies
 4. Resupply maps should no longer bug out and crash the server, and players should now spawn properly
 5. 2x frag grenades, and other non-SWEP equipment options, now no longer bug out the shop screen, and properly display their item description
 6. TAC .338 should now be getting all of the attachments available for unlocking

Quality of Life Improvements
 1. RockTheVote calls disable the "replay map" button
 2. Weapons now drop on the "+menu" bind (this defaults to q), but will also drop on the new bind "+ctdm_dropweapon"
 3. TAC .338 and M200 have been tweaked to help quickscoping feel better (may be reverted)
 4. Titles menu is now slightly bigger

Balance Changes
 1. gm_boreas has had its starting play area expanded slightly and received a new, 4th flag, as well as a bunch of new props to block lines of sight
 2. Players now receive 1 less 40MM grenade on regular spawn, and 2 less 40MM grenades when spawning with packrate

Misc Changes
 1. Typing "!discord" or "/discord" in chat will print the discord link
 2. Gamemode-related console message printing now all get appropraite [CTDM] tag
 3. Separated weapon balancing and weapon fixing into 2 different backend files
 4. Tier 1 skins and playermodels are now $50,000 more expensive. Tier 2 skins and playermodels can no longer be purchased with cash (but can still be purchased with prestige tokens)

UPDATES TO VIP
 1. UltraVIP has had its price reduced by $5, from $20 to $15
 2. VIP, VIP+, and UltraVIP all now have access to special VIP-only weapons (they can be found in your loadout menu instantly)
 3. Base VIP no longer gives any donator credits
